Support for Let Expressions (#478)
usnistgov/metaschema: website/content/specification/syntax/constraints.md

## Common Constraint Data

## Let expressions

Using the `let` element, a variable can be defined, which can be used in a Metapath expression in subsequent constraints.

A `let` statement has a REQUIRED `@var` attribute, which defines the variable name.

A `let` statement has a REQUIRED `@expression` attributes, which defines an Metapath expression, whose result is used to define the variable's value in the evaluation context.

> During constraint evaluation, each `let` statement MUST be evaluated in encounter order. If a previous variable is bound with the same name in the evaluation context, the new value MUST bound in a sub-context to avoid side effects. This sub-context MUST be made available to any constraints following the `let` statement declaration, and to any constraints defined on child nodes of the current context.

Reviewer: Question: does this mean the parent `<constraint/>` is the root context for any `let` declaration?

Reviewer 2: No. Constraints are evaluated against content nodes. Each content node corresponds to a Metaschema module definition, which has constraints. Each of these constraints are evaluated with the evaluation context's focus on that node. i.e., a constraints target is evaluated using that node as the focus.

How do I clarify that here? I do think we need a section talking about evaluation. Maybe there?

Reviewer: OK, I need to think about this for a bit. I can tell framed that question very poorly. I guess I am interested in the definition of the `let`s and precedence of variables. I understand what you wrote but I must have phrased my confusion poorly. So, let me think about this before I pretend I can clarify it. 😆

During evaluation, when a variable is bound for a `let` statement, the variables value MUST be set to the result of evaluating the `@expression` using the current node as the Metapath evaluation focus.

For example:

Given the following fragment of a Metaschema module.

```xml
<define-assembly name="sibling">
  <define-flag name="name" required="yes"/>
  <constraint>
    <let var="parent" expression=".."/><!-- stores the parent of the current node -->
    <let var="sibling-count" expression="count($parent/sibling)"/>
    <expect target="." test="$sibling-count = 3"/>
  </constraint>
</define-assembly>
```

And the following document.

```xml
<parent name="p1">
  <sibling name="a"/>
  <sibling name="b"/>
  <sibling name="c"/>
</parent>
<parent name="p2">
  <sibling name="x"/>
  <sibling name="Y"/>
</parent1>
```

> The expect constraint would pass for each `sibling` in the `parent` named "p1", and would fail for each `sibling` in the `parent` named "p2".

Reviewer: Minor, non-blocking. I understand the intent but the "pass for each ..." and "fail for each ..." threw for a curve for a moment.

```suggestion
The expect constraint would pass for the `parent` named "p1" because the resulting `sibling-count` value is 3 as expected. It would fail for the `parent` named "p2" because the resulting `sibling-count` value is 2.
```

Reviewer 2: The constraint is defined on the `sibling` node, so it would be evaluated on each `sibling` node, not the `parent` node. Given the test data, the constraint would be evaluated 5 times, once each for a-c, and x-y.
